Updated Metrics Setup docs for the dotnet SDK to prepare for GA (#10119)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/dotnet/common/metrics/index.mdx

Sentry metrics help you pinpoint and solve issues that impact user experience and app performance by measuring the data points that are important to you. You can track things like processing time, event size, user signups, and conversion rates, then correlate them back to tracing data in order to get deeper insights and solve issues faster.

> # Custom metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Custom Metrics

Sentry comes with built-in metrics, such as performance metrics and web vitals. You can also send custom metrics to Sentry to track the data points you care about most. This page describes how to set up and send custom metrics to use with our [Metrics feature](/product/metrics/). 
```

Wasn't sure if you meant to add more here as it's still a draft, but I think including an intro paragraph here to contextualize the rest of the info for this page would help.

    // Your code goes here
}
```

# OpenTelemetry Metrics

> The Sentry SDK for .NET also allows you to configure OpenTelemetry metrics that you would like to automatically capture and send to Sentry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the .NET SDK to automatically capture and send OpenTelemetry metrics to Sentry.
```

> For example, you could configure Sentry to capture all of the built-in metrics that it knows about:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you can configure Sentry to capture all the built-in metrics that it knows about:
```

> ```csharp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```csharp {13}
```
Not sure if we want to highlight line 13 here to call out how to capture all metrics

Author: Oh, that's awesome. I didn't know that was even possible 😁

var builder = WebApplication.CreateBuilder(args);
builder.Services.AddOpenTelemetry()
    .WithMetrics(metrics => metrics
            .AddRuntimeInstrumentation() // <-- Requires the OpenTelemetry.Instrumentation.Runtime package
            .AddMeter(
                "Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting",
                "Microsoft.AspNetCore.Server.Kestrel",
                "System.Net.Http")
    );

builder.WebHost.UseSentry(options =>
{
    options.dsn = "___DSN___";
    options.EnableMetrics(metrics => metrics.CaptureSystemDiagnosticsMeters = BuiltInSystemDiagnosticsMeters.All);
});
```

> Or to capture only metrics from specific Meters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also capture only metrics from specific Meters:
```

> ```csharp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```csharp {5-6}
```

builder.WebHost.UseSentry(options =>
{
    options.dsn = "___DSN___";
    metrics.CaptureSystemDiagnosticsMeters = [
        BuiltInSystemDiagnosticsMeters.MicrosoftAspNetCoreHosting,
        BuiltInSystemDiagnosticsMeters.SystemNetHttp,
    ];
});
```

> Or even to capture only specific Instruments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or, you can choose to capture only metrics from specific Instruments:
```

> ```csharp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```csharp {11}
```
